readme.md, before:

# Rap World Map

Rap World Map - An Atlas of World Rap

http://rapworldmap.com

## About

### Data Presented

This atlas doesn't aim to be exhaustive. It's impossible to give a complete panel of what exists. In consequence, we have probably missed a lot of artists, don't hesitate to suggest a new addition.

### Localisation precision

We have decided to locate each artist based on where they grew up or where they spent a significant part of their life instead of their born place (which could be sometime irrelevant). It could occur in some strong, opinionated decision.

The exact location of some artists is quite easy to find (we know in which house or street they grew up, etc.), but for the other ones it's not the case. We have tried to locate their childhood neighborhood, where they went to school, and have displayed them there. If the only known information is the city, we have chosen a random set of coordinates in this area.

If you think we have made a major mistake about an artist, don't hesitate to contact us with your remarks, we will adapt the database based on your input.

## Suggestions, comments, remarks ?

Contact us on contact@rapworldmap.com

## Licence

Project created by Arnaud Crucifix (http://crucifixarnaud.com).
Build with node.js, MongoDb, React, Mapbox.

This website use Liberation Font, created by Steve Matteson (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Matteson) and distributed by Ascender Corp. type foundry (http://ascendercorp.us/). The logo and icons use Grotesk typeface, created by Frank Adebiaye (http://www.fadebiaye.com/) and distributed by Velvetyne type foundry (http://velvetyne.fr/). Both two licensed under SIL OFL licence (http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL).

Rapworldmap.com is licensed under the terms of the MIT license (https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## See also

Rapatlas.com (http://rapatlas.com), a similar project created by Jon Gerlach.

Commit message:

/artists/download visitor can download an extract of the artist database in json format

readme.md, after:

# Rap World Map

Rap World Map - An Atlas of World Rap

http://rapworldmap.com

## About

### Data Presented

This atlas doesn't aim to be exhaustive. It's impossible to give a complete panel of what exists. In consequence, we have probably missed a lot of artists, don't hesitate to suggest a new addition.

The artists database (json) is available for download at this url: http://rapworldmap.com/artists/download, feel free to use it in any of your projects.

### Localisation precision

We have decided to locate each artist based on where they grew up or where they spent a significant part of their life instead of their born place (which could be sometime irrelevant). It could occur in some strong, opinionated decision.

The exact location of some artists is quite easy to find (we know in which house or street they grew up, etc.), but for the other ones it's not the case. We have tried to locate their childhood neighborhood, where they went to school, and have displayed them there. If the only known information is the city, we have chosen a random set of coordinates in this area.

If you think we have made a major mistake about an artist, don't hesitate to contact us with your remarks, we will adapt the database based on your input.

## Suggestions, comments, remarks ?

Contact us on contact@rapworldmap.com

## Licence

Project created by Arnaud Crucifix (http://crucifixarnaud.com).
Build with node.js, MongoDb, React, Mapbox.

This website use Liberation Font, created by Steve Matteson (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Matteson) and distributed by Ascender Corp. type foundry (http://ascendercorp.us/). The logo and icons use Grotesk typeface, created by Frank Adebiaye (http://www.fadebiaye.com/) and distributed by Velvetyne type foundry (http://velvetyne.fr/). Both two licensed under SIL OFL licence (http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL).

Rapworldmap.com is licensed under the terms of the MIT license (https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## See also

Rapatlas.com (http://rapatlas.com), a similar project created by Jon Gerlach.
